hello welcome to Goa PFS this is the
first of three discussion calls that
will do it it's a big part of my PFS
that we have on Monday the lead for this
is Jeremy
aka why are you sleeping and there are
notes which are on the link in the
sprint issue and I think you've also
been posted to IRC at this point I was
taking them all right fine how many kuba
kuba are you taking yeah thank you for
the birthday boy I will be taking notes
sweet Jeremy go ahead all right cool
so I think the new proposed format for
these types of calls is just to go over
our milestones and our progress on each
of them so that's what I'm going to do
first we have the four three release
candidate for we have all the PRS for
this thing merged which is cool we made
some good progress on that we fixed a so
there is a race condition that got fixed
in RC Jeremy could you post a link to
what page you're looking at just so
everyone can follow along just yeah I'm
looking I'm like reading from the
Internet sorry I'm just kind of like
yeah yeah so anyways yeah the release is
getting close we have the running on a
couple gateway notes they're happy
they're actually using the least number
of go routines and on average they use
my slower rant than the rest of the
things which is SuperDuper cool fixed a
bit swap issue which means that your
want lists aren't going to build up tons
of keys a few canceled requests now
which they have and yeah so we're just
working on a change log or this lease
candidate then we're going to push that
out rc4 it's gonna get some happy fun
time and then we're gonna merge it and
officially release oh for three
so yeah next up is the Jay s IP FS
interrupt me and D hash here have been
working on getting things talking to
each other and it's we're making it
farther and farther the current
bottleneck milestone thing we're working
on is that JavaScript and cryptography
aren't very fun together so we're trying
to figure out some thick curve nonsense
hey it works just great in other words
yes yes yes yes we go awesome yeah it
takes 24 seconds to run one little test
yeah yep so we're getting getting close
there our goal is to have that like
today working be cool
yeah next milestone is our code coverage
milestone there are little progress if
any on that this week because we've been
busy with other stuff and adding more
tests kind of got pushed back to later
and next for the main reason we're
actually in New York right now is the
IPO the integration so we have go see
IDs written a PR that's integrating it
into gorath EFS which it'll be
integrating the version 0 which is
basically exactly what we already have
but using content IDs to represent that
information internally as opposed to
just the key stuff so what will happen
is once I get this in nothing will
change you won't notice anything
different all like externally there
should be zero behavior change and all
that you'll notice is if you look at the
code there will be different packages
used to represent block locks and
objects and stuff and the cool thing
this will let us do is when we're ready
to switch to
the we can just start ingesting the new
keys and switch over the version from
zero to one on creation and it'll just
handle it
it'll be just just file be fun and
wonderful and so yeah that would be
really really cool um yeah here here I
was going to get that link wasn't nice
I'll get that so yeah that is the extent
of our milestones and the progress is
week kuba you had some other stuff you
were working on which you like to share
your I was I was I finally finished
working on the matrix interface alright
or as I showed recent does just a few
months ago like it got pushed so I
started working on it like one a half
months ago before the ten-week so it
could push back a lot but I finally
finish it and I think it should be good
to go to start implementing other
metrics using it
I used to implement few metrics in the
boxer but yeah so that's this I've
worked on some other things also that
cool that's good I'm gonna be happy to
get better metrics in it'll make things
a lot nicer especially since our current
largest consumer of memory in co-op EFS
on average is our metrics yeah but we we
are using two metrics libraries we have
one massive library that is in go that a
store yes and this one it is consuming a
lot of memory and we have and the
primitives isn't cool I can give a very
very short update about the core API
milestone yes so none of the tasks and
it has really been finished in but I'm
working on the first one which is to
have the Gateway code and go ipfs use a
very minimal core API so that entails
like
bringing some kind of core API and to go
a PFS and implementing towards of the
object API so that the gateway can use
it that's it
I'm it's a work in progress right now
sweet that'll be really exciting to be
able to keep breaking things out more
because like we just we're getting
really close timing the DHT code broken
out into its own package which once
that's done the IPS hub tool will stop
breaking all the time because we'll be
able to actually make it yeah you know
nice mended code it'll be cool that tool
is such an item to build right now
basically only builds like the day we
fix it and depressingly enough it'll be
better safe
so yeah that is copyof s and our
progress on milestones any questions
that looks like a No
so I think we're done that was 12
minutes good job well do you see you
gave an update on the math out students
you want to talk about butter or some
means that you would like people to work
on for next week or her this week things
I would like people to work on so we
have a lot of issues that are tagged as
both Help Wanted and verify either of
those are things that like you can go
grab a thing and help out so if it's
take Help Wanted that's gonna be like
stuff that's ready to be implemented
should be well defined and you should be
able to just step in and start hacking
on something the verify ones are really
helpful because what that entails is hey
we head up a bug it's it may be been a
while since we've encountered it or you
know had to deal with it and we're not
sure if it's been resolved and not so we
need somebody to go verify like is this
been fixed is this thing and so having
that done is really helpful because it
gives us better confidence about you
know saying okay this has been solved as
opposed to saying oh we think this has
been solved and so anybody who wants to
help out getting those
would be super cool it's just a little
little time-consuming because you know
nature of bugs so yeah that's that do
you have any input I think everything
everything is great cool alright anybody
else or are we calling it I think that's
it or calling it cools everyone there
will be another chat for JSF BFS in 15
minutes at UTC 17 34 now thank you very
much and if you have any questions or
anything feel free to ping us on IRC or